(laughing)
I'm not losing this race, Bronk!
Really?
But losin' is what
you do best, Yuma!
Yeah right!
(laughing)
No fair!
Why do I always agree to
let him use his skateboard?
(panting)
(frightened yowl)
Ah!
(thud)
(angry yowl)
Ah!
♪
(grunting)
Look on the bright side,
you're in first place at losing!
Next time.
Out of my way!
Can't stop!
Can't slow down!
(grunting)
♪
Ah!
(thud)
♪
Hey, watch it there, pal!
Whoa, I know you.
Yeah, you're Yuma!
Yuma Tsukumo, the World
Duel Carnival Champion.
Boy, am I glad I ran into you!
Uh...
(laughing)
My name's Ray.
I'm a huge fan of yours.
For real?
Oh, uh...
Listen, I'd love to
stay and talk about me,
but I gotta make it to school.
I wouldn't want you to be late.
I'll get you to class on time.
We'll go the Ray Way.
Ah!
♪
♪ Still together as one
'cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
and just wipe it away
all of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Big defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪
We can make that.
Ah!
He'll take that to go.
What is that, paprika?
This sewer is a sure thing.
Wait!
(grunting)
Ah!
(muffled sounds)
I know a shortcut!
Ah!
Just through this junkyard.
(grunting)
And past this guard dog.
Ah!
I can't go on!
And now, it is my privilege
to introduce to you
the man who you all love,
idolize, and worship...
Huh?
Who's this clown?
By far the greatest thing
to ever happen to your school,
Mr. Yuma Tsukumo!
Ah...
What, what happened?
And just who are you?
Oh, I forgot to
introduce myself.
(thud)
I'm Ray Shadows,
and I've just
joined your school.
In fact, today's my first day.
♪
So that's why I made
sure to be on time.
That is if your
definition of "on time"
means 20 minutes late.
-Ah!
Thanks to that new kid Ray,
I got a week of detention.
What's with him?
(angry chewing)
He's just so...
so friendly.
Ray's your fan.
You can't blame him, Yuma.
He wants to be your friend.
Yeah, well, what if I
don't want to be his?
(crowd of girls squealing)
You're so amazing!
What's goin' on down there?
Who is that?
Thank you all for
this warm welcome.
Can I get a picture?
Yes, I'll pose for a picture.
Are you serious?
That's only Pro-Dueling Champion
Devon Knox.
He's a Pro-Duelist?
That's right, and he's teaching
a special dueling class.
If you take it, you get
to duel against Devon.
Really?
Oh, that's a pretty sweet deal.
Dueling a Pro.
Mm, that'd be an insane duel.
Imagine me beating a Pro.
(vibrating sound)
♪
Yes, keep dreaming.
If I'm gonna
take Yuma's Numbers,
I gotta find a real Duelist.
Where do I start lookin'?
♪
Who's the hot
shot holdin' court?
Hey!
Ah, ah!
(gasping)
I want to ask you a question.
Sure.
It's my turn.
I draw.
And I activate my spell.
But I reveal my trap.
We love you, Devon!
This is no fair.
How come I don't
get to duel Devon?
Because you forgot to sign
up for his class, remember?
Your skills are impressive,
but not impressive enough.
Ben Kei, attack
them all directly.
(exclaiming)
♪
(shouting)
(rumbling)
♪
(groaning)
Yes, they lost,
but on the bright side,
they all get
autographed pictures of me.
(laughing)
I'll be back later to sign them.
Right now, I'm gonna
go get me some lunch.
Getting to duel a
Pro must be awesome.
Yes, it would be quite
the opportunity indeed.
Right, I can't let this
chance slip away from me.
I gotta find a
way to duel him.
(grunting)
Your wish is my command!
Huh?
I couldn't help overhearing
you want to duel Devon Knox.
Leave it to me.
Just trust in the Ray Way.
Ha-ha!
Oh.
Aw, the Ray Way
means only one thing--
big trouble.
♪
Ha.
It really is great to
give back to my fans.
Well, I'm your biggest fan.
(beeping)
♪
It sure would mean a lot
if you would be nice enough
to sign this card
for me, Mr. Knox.
♪
That is so weird.
I thought I saw him
around here someplace.
♪
Huh?
There he is.
Well, hey, Mr. Knox, wait up!
Can I talk to you for a sec?
Please stop, I
got a favor to ask.
Hey, thanks.
I'd like to set
up a duel with you.
Not for me, it's
for a friend of mine,
the World Duel Carnival
Champion Yuma Tsukumo.
Did you just say Yuma?
Ray?
Yo Ray, did you find Devon?
Ah, forget it.
Can't we stay
clear of the Ray Way?
That is so not cool.
He's looking for Devon
so you can duel him, Yuma.
Except I didn't
ask him to, did I?
No!
Huh?
Was that Ray?
♪
Tell me where I can
find Yuma Tsukumo.
(groaning)
No way!
Yuma's a close personal friend.
I'm not gonna let you hurt him.
Oh yeah right,
like you can stop me.
Attack, Coach Captain Bearman!
(roaring)
Ah!
♪
If you don't want more,
lead me to Yuma!
(evil laughter)
Now!
Oh no!
♪
Speak to me.
Are you all right?
Yuma, get out of here now.
You're not safe.
Devon's after you.
Hey Knox, if you want me,
I'm right here!
So you're Yuma Tsukumo.
If you think your
pal's in bad shape,
just wait till you
see what I do to you!
♪
Yuma, look!
I see it.
He's under the
control of Barian World.
When I'm through
you will shudder
at the memory of this duel.
Say hello to your
new worst nightmare!
Dream on, pal!
(grunting)
♪
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll.
♪
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
♪
-Let's duel!
(laughing)
This is perfect.
Soon the Numbers will be mine.
♪
I think I'll go first.
My turn.
I draw!
Yuma, we would be wise
to proceed with extreme caution.
Please be careful.
That's not my style.
Watch out, Knox.
I activate the Spell Card
Three Card Summon.
When I have three Level Four or
below Monster Cards in my hands,
I can summon one of them.
I know just the one, too.
I summon Rai Rider!
♪
(tires squealing)
Now to give him some company,
I also summon Zubaba Knight!
Last but not least,
when there's a Level
Three Monster on my field,
I'm also allowed
to summon Mimimic.
Mimimic, mimimic, mimimic.
♪
I Overlay these three Monsters
to build the Overlay Network.
♪
I Xyz Summon Number 34,
Terror-Byte.
♪
(roaring)
Ha-ha!
That'll scare him.
Yeah, he summoned
a Number already!
This is awesome.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
You think I'm impressed?
I have the power
of Barian World.
There's no way to beat me.
My turn!
I draw!
I activate the Field Spell
Training Grounds!
♪
(rumbling)
By sending two Monster Cards
to the Graveyard,
I can summon one Level
Seven or above Monster.
I know exactly which
one to bring out, too--
Coach Captain Bearman!
(roaring)
♪
Things got hairy!
(grunts)
When Bearman is on my field,
I can activate the Spell Card
Bear's Boot Camp
so the Bear Coach is gonna
bring in a training partner
to help whip you into shape,
and that's Coach
Soldier Wolfbark.
♪
(barking)
I activate Wolfbark's
special ability.
It lets me summon
another Wolfbark
from my Graveyard.
(howling)
Our opponent has three
Monsters on his field.
I think I'll give
you a free class
on getting schooled in a duel.
For your first lesson,
I activate Bearman's
special ability.
It doubles the
levels of my Wolfbarks
so they'll go from
Level Four to Eight.
♪
So, class, what happens now?
Here's a hint.
I Overlay my Level Eight Bearman
and two Wolfbarks.
With these three Monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Coach King Giantrainer.
(growling)
♪
Now Giantrainer's
special ability activates.
By using one Overlay Unit,
we both have to
shuffle our decks.
♪
Ah!
(grunting)
♪
After that, we both draw.
I'd say this is the fun part.
The player that draws the
card with the lower level
takes 800 points of damage.
Let's do this.
Here we go.
-I draw!
♪
(snickers)
I drew a Level Eight,
how about you?
Rats, I drew a Level One.
Well, then, congratulations,
you take 800 points of damage.
Ah!
♪
That was fun.
So why don't we do it again?
I use another Overlay Unit,
so we both shuffle
our decks a second time.
♪
(grunting)
Aw, I hate this.
♪
-I draw!
I drew a Level
Eight Monster again.
(grunts)
You win.
Mine's Level Three.
You know what that means.
You take 800 points of damage.
Ah!
(exclaiming)
Yuma!
I have one last
Overlay Unit left,
so let's do it once more.
(beeping)
Here we go.
-I draw!
♪
I drew a Level Four Monster, ha.
I bet yours is even
lower than that, huh, Yuma?
Think again.
Mine's Level Six.
No way!
♪
Ah!
The lesson here is that
you should never get cocky.
But I guess you
learned that the hard way.
Huh?
I cannot believe that
little punk got lucky.
He caused me to
lose Life Points.
You know, that last move
showed me you may be ready
for my advanced class,
and there's no way
you're gonna pass the final.
♪
I have a very important
lesson to teach you.
Yes, I think it's
time you learned
nothing can stop
the power of Barian.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Barian's Force!
This card ranks
up my Xyz Monster
into a Chaos Xyz Monster.
I build the Overlay Network
with Giantrainer.
♪
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Barian Power, born of Chaos,
visit your judgment
on this world of filth!
Arise, Chaos Xyz
Coach Lord Ultimatrainer!
♪
(roaring)
He summoned his
Chaos Xyz Monster!
Get ready, another Barian's
Force effect activates now.
Ultimatrainer steals
Terror-Byte's Overlay Units.
(rumbling and zapping)
♪
Chaos Drain!
Now, Ultimatrainer has
four Chaos Overlay Units.
That should do it.
I'm all set up to take you down.
Go!
Ultimatrainer, school this fool!
Take out Terror-Byte!
♪
Ah!
His Number's gone!
Yuma!
I'm not done.
Ultimatrainer's
special ability activates!
By using one Chaos Overlay Unit,
you have to draw a card.
If it's a Monster
that's Level Four or less,
you take damage equal
to its attack points.
Actually, that sounds
too good to do only once,
so I'll use all four
of my Chaos Overlay Units,
which means you have to
draw four times in a row.
(grunting)
The best part of this is
that you'll get destroyed,
and it'll all be
thanks to the monsters
in your very own deck.
(evil laughter)
♪
Here goes.
(grunting)
I drew Level
Three Achacha Archer.
♪
Level Three?
In case you struggle with math,
that's definitely
less than Level Four,
so you take damage equal
to its attack points.
♪
No!
Yuma!
Now you still have
three more draws left,
so get to it.
Draw!
Mm.
Yuma.
Okay, here we go.
I...
draw!
I didn't draw a Monster,
I drew the spell Wonder Wand.
(sighing)
(grunts)
So you got lucky,
but you still have
to draw two more times.
Okay!
♪
(grunts)
I drew Level Four Kagetokage.
Aw, too bad.
You know the rules.
Ah!
(exclaiming)
(grunts)
With only 100 Life Points left,
your next draw should do you in.
How fitting that your final draw
will also mark the
end of your duel.
You are finished!
-Please stop.
-Huh?
I'll--I'll do whatever you want,
but this duel has
gone on long enough.
Please, you have
to stop hurting Yuma.
(grunting)
No, Ray!
I can handle it.
Stay out of this.
But how much more can you take?
Guess we'll both
find out soon enough.
Hey Yuma, class hasn't
been dismissed yet.
Don't make me write
you up for chatting.
Know what?
I think class is
gettin' out early today.
You see, I'm gonna school you
and remind Ray why
he's my biggest fan
by winning this duel!
Please, get real, kid.
I am.
I draw...
♪
Get ready to take notes,
'cause I'm takin' you to
the school of hard knocks.
I draw!
(exclaiming)
Ah?
I drew Level Three Dotedotengu.
Ha, you drew a
Level Three Monster.
It's over.
You're half right.
It is a Level Three Monster,
but it ain't over.
I won't be taking any damage
because it's got
zero attack points.
How do you like that?
Zero attack points?
No way!
(exclaiming)
Yes way!
I send Dotedotengu
to the Graveyard,
and when I do, I'm allowed
to send one card on your field
back to your hand,
and here it comes now.
♪
Blow away his
Monster, Dotedotengu!
I activate Ultimatrainer's
special ability.
(grunting)
Now it's not affected by
your Monster's special ability.
♪
No, not good!
Yuma.
You had a chance to fight back,
but you blew it.
Oh, I don't think so.
You see, I'm activating
the Trap Card Panic Burial,
so get ready!
For every Monster that was
sent to the Graveyard this turn,
you take 100 points of damage,
and your Monster loses
100 attack points.
We sent 18 monsters
to the Graveyard, Devon.
You do the math.
Say what?
Are you hard of hearing?
I said we sent a whopping
18 Monsters to the Graveyard,
so you take 1800
points of damage,
and your Monster loses
1800 attack points.
(roaring)
Ah!
♪
I end my turn.
All right, here goes.
I draw!
I summon Gagaga Magician.
♪
Then I activate the
spell Gagaga x Gagaga
from my hand.
It summons another
Gagaga Magician.
♪
How's that for a magic trick?
And now I Overlay two
Level Four Gagaga Magicians.
With these two Monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Number 39, Utopia!
♪
He summoned a Number?
How could this happen?
That's easy to figure out
when you know that
I'm feelin' the flow,
but I'm not done yet.
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
♪
Now get set to welcome
a new pupil to class,
Chaos Number 39, Utopia Ray!
♪
Now, I'll activate
Utopia Ray's special ability.
For every Overlay Unit I use,
Utopia Ray gains
500 attack points.
Go Overlay Charge!
♪
Four thousand attack points?
Yeah, show 'em, Yuma!
Go!
Utopia Ray!
Attack Ultimatrainer!
Rising Sun Chaos Slash!
♪
Ah!
(beeping)
♪
Ah!
I did it!
I won!
♪
Yuma Tsukumo,
you're becomin' a
real pain in my neck.
♪
(grunting)
Where am I?
What was I doing?
What?
You don't remember?
Devon did not do this
of his free will.
Yuma?
(whimper)
Ah, ah!
Hey, careful!
Oh my gosh, Yuma, are you okay?
Let's get you to
the school nurse.
-Hey, Ray?
-Huh?
I know you're new and you
may not know many people.
I was thinking maybe you could
hang out with me and my friends.
How does that sound to ya?
Great!
You know what this
means, don't you?
Ah, ah!
Wait a second, slow down!
I need a seatbelt.
Every day we'll
take the Ray Way!
Hey, I know a shortcut
through the rose bushes.
(laughing)